This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
And in this moment right now,
If God is speaking to anyone here today,
Maybe perhaps that song can I pray for you.
Was meant just for you.
Maybe you're going through some kind of a burden.
That you'd never thought you'd face
A trouble, a trial,
Maybe you're in need of wisdom today.
You're facing a great decision.
I don't know.
Maybe there's somebody here today that just you love this music, but you don't know what it's about.
You can resonate with these beautiful tunes and.
The incredible voice.
But you really don't know what it's all about.
Maybe today you'd like to leave here with peace.
And your heart like you've never had before, peace of passive all understanding.
In the quietness of this moment,
I'd like for you to just pray for the person you're standing next to.
You say, well, I don't know their name. That's okay
God does.
And there might be a burden that they're facing.
A trouble, a problem,
Maybe even a crisis.
You don't know anything about it. God does.
So the words to the song, can I pray for you?
For this moment right here let's
Just pray for one another.
And say god
I don't know the need.
What you do?
And right now the name of Jesus.
I'm praying for this person I'm standing next to
I'm praying for these people on my people
Maybe God is bringing something to your mind. Maybe somebody's sitting behind you, sitting in front of you. You know.
There's some kind of thing.
For God.
They're depending on him to show up in a mighty way.
I'm going to lead us on a prayer this morning and if that's the case
You need prayer today.
I invite you to come.
But in this moment, if you don't know Jesus as your Savior, friend,
Why on earth would you leave this church house like that today?
There's people around you that's praying for you right now.
Don't leave here without the Lord.
Trust in Moses.
Word gives us admonition.
If we can come boldly to the throne, we can ask God.
For him to be our personal savior,
From whosoever
Shall call upon the name of the Lord.
Shall be saved.
Father, in the quietness of this moment,
We stand in this church house.
And we have enjoyed this music.
Who have enjoyed your servant that has come to share?
For the beautiful music that has accompanied it.
But now we focus on that one that's.
Either behind us or in front of us or beside us.
That's going through.
A need of some sort.
We don't know what that may be.
But you have already seen it before we come to you today.
And we pray right now in Jesus' name.
And whatever it is that our brother our sister
Needs the most in their heart and their life today.
Maybe it's a physical need, a spiritual need.
A financial need
An emotional need.
I don't know God, but you do.
And I pray.
In Jesus name
That you would do something far beyond incredible.
God, that you would do something miraculous.
And work and
Hearts and lives
Today
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com